Classic Mango/Fresh Mango, Flour, Sugar ,Eggs, Whipped cream/First, mix flour ,sugar and egg together and bake inside the oven. Whip whipping cream mix with mango, garnish the cake.

Blueberry Cheesecake/Cheese, Biscuit, Blueberry, Sugar/First, pound the biscuit into a mixture of crumbs, mix cheese with blueberry and sugar, spread the mixture of crumbs in mold, pour mixture of cheese blueberry and sugar into mold. Lastly, put inside refrigerator for 2 hours.

Matcha Cake/Matcha powder/Flour, Sugar, Eggs, Whipped cream/First, mix flour, sugar, egg with matcha powder, whip the whipped cream, and then bake the mixture of matcha powder and garnish the cake.

Chocolate Chips Cream Bun/Flour, Yeast, Sugar, Eggs, Chocolate chips/First, Mix flour yeast with sugar, and then rest it for half an hour to process fermentation, Separate eggs to egg white and then whipped it. Add chocolate chips and stir together. Then, Separate the dough that done fermentation into 6 pieces and bake it in oven. Take the bread out and cut into portion of bites, put whipped cream.

Corn Bun/Corns, Sugar, Flour, Eggs, Yeast/First, add corns with sugar and pound into bit, Mix flour yeast and sugar, and rest it for fermentation, Wrap the dough together for each different piece with the bit of corns and sugar. Bake it into oven.

Mexico Bun/Coffee Powder, Butter, Flour, Sugar, Yeast/First mix coffee powder with liquid butter, Mix flour yeast and sugar, rest it for fermentation, separate the dough into 6 pieces and the pour the mixture of liquid butter with coffee powder on it. Bake it into oven.

Cranberry Biscuit/Cranberry, Butter, Flour/Cut the cranberry into small pieces, mix with butter and flour, roll into rectangular size. Freeze for 2 hours, Cut into biscuit size and then bake it into oven.

Meringue Cookies/Sugar, Egg whites, Biscuit/Add sugar with egg whites and whip it, put it into a plastic mold and then squeeze it on the top of the cookie and bake.

Macaron/Sugar, Egg whites, Flour, Coloring, Butter/Add sugar and flour with coloring, squeeze it into a ball size, and then bake. Add Butter with Flour, take the cookies out from oven and add the cream.